Adds modules to begin work on MicroShift (#52743)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/stopping-microshift-executable.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift-install-rpm.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="stopping-microshift-executable"]
= Stopping the MicroShift deployment
:context: creating-microshift-development-environment

Use the following procedure to stop your MicroShift deployment. 

.Prerequisites 

* You have logged into your development virtual machine using your MicroShift user credentials. 
* You have installed the `oc` CLI and `kubectl` utilities. 
* You have updated CRI-O, networking, and file system customizations. 
* You have set up your MicroShift development environment. 
* You have configured and built MicroShift on your virtual machine. 
* You have prepared the MicroShift executable runtime. 

.Procedure 

. Enter the following command to stop the MicroShift process: 
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ sudo kill microshift && sleep 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ sudo systemctl stop microshift
```

----
+
[NOTE]
====

> If MicroShift is running as a service, you must execute the `sudo systemctl stop microshift` command to shut it down. You can review the output of the `journalctl -xu microshift` command to verify the service termination. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can review the output of the `journalctl -xu microshift` and `systemctl status microshift` commands to verify the service termination. 
```

====

> . (Optional) Enter the following command to perform a full cleanup of your MicroShift deployment, including CRI-O, MicroShift, and OVN caches: 
> +
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> $ echo 1 | ~/microshift/hack/cleanup.sh
> ----
> +
> [NOTE]
> ====
> The full cleanup does not remove OVS configuration applies by the MicroShift service initialization sequence. Run the `sudo /usr/bin/configure-ovs.sh` command to revert to the original network settings. 
> ====
> 
> . Enter the following command to ensure that the MicroShift deployment has been successfully shut down:
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> $ tail -3 /tmp/microshift.log 
> ----
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

These are dev instructions.
